Another pass over the history section (#113)
pavpanchekha/emberfox: book/history.md

1945 essay by Vannevar Bush entitled [As We May
Think](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/As_We_May_Think). This essay envisioned a

> machine called a [Memex](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Memex) that helps an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
machine called a [Memex](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Memex) that helps  (think: User Agent) an
```

> individual human see and explore (think: User Agent) all the information in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
individual human see and explore all the information in the
```

displaying information_, providing a way for humans to effectively learn and
explore. The collective knowledge and wisdom of the species long ago exceeded
the capacity of a single mind, organization, library, country, culture, group or
language. However, while we as humans cannot possibly know even a tiny fraction
of what it is possible to know, we can use technology to learn more efficiently
than before, and, *in particular*, to quickly access information we need to
learn, remember or recall. Consider this imagined research session described by
Vannevar Bush--one that is remarkably similar to how we sometimes use the web:

> The owner of the memex, let us say, is interested in the origin and properties
> of the bow and arrow. [...] He has dozens of possibly pertinent books and
> articles in his memex. First he runs through an encyclopedia, finds an
> interesting but sketchy article, leaves it projected. Next, in a history, he
> finds another pertinent item, and ties the two together. Thus he goes,
> building a trail of many items.

Computers, and the internet, allow us to _process and store_ the information we

> want. But it is _the web_ that plays the _organizes and finds_ that information,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
want. But it is _the web_ that help us _organize and finds_ that information,
```

Berners-Lee's [Brief History of the
Web](https://www.w3.org/DesignIssues/TimBook-old/History.html) highlights a

> number of other key factors that lead to the World Wide Web becoming the web we

Reviewer: ```suggestion
number of other key factors that led to the World Wide Web becoming the web we
```

proprietary software platform. There are multiple reasons this didn’t happen,
among them the egalitarian ethos of the computing community and the presence and
strength of the W3C. Another important reason was the networked nature of the

> web, and therefore the drive by web developers to make sure their pages worked

Reviewer: ```suggestion
web, and therefore the necessity for web developers to make sure their pages worked
```
